Add --idle-timeout argument to cypher shell (#1714)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/tools/cypher-shell.adoc

|--notifications
|Enable query notifications in interactive mode.
|false

|--idle-timeout IDLE-TIMEOUT

> |Idle timeout, when set the application will exit after the specified amount of idle time in interactive mode. Specify with `<hours>h<minutes>m<seconds>s`, for example `1h` (1 hour), `1h30m` (1 hour 30 minutes), `30m` (30 minutes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Closes the application after the specified amount of idle time in interactive mode. You can specify the duration using the format `<hours>h<minutes>m<seconds>s`, for example `1h` (1 hour), `1h30m` (1 hour 30 minutes), or `30m` (30 minutes).
```

Reviewer: If you use this description, please also update the code.

Author: Sweet, thanks!
